Give the option to remove <24 hour deaths from the actual death.
Update the app so that users can migrate from any excel format to this new one,.
✅ DONE - Removed malaria cell from all ward entry sheets
✅ DONE - Implemented user-manageable ward configuration system (wards_config.json)
   - Users can now add/update wards by editing wards_config.json
   - See WARD_CONFIGURATION_GUIDE.md for instructions
   - Ward changes automatically reflect in all generated reports

because <24 hour deaths are not being counted, we should include the option for the user to add a calculation to remove it from the total admission at the end 
of every months and for each ward. evaluate this carefully before you implement it.

there is an error when i try to select an entry on the age entry form. and also the dates are all stuck on the 1 of january for all the entries.

the dates on most of the forms are not of date type so when i select an entry and try to edit it, it give me a date error. so make a proper accessment of all of the dates and 
let's proceed to fixing them one after the other.

the import from previous workbook does not properly import the remaining at midnight from the control panel. and also I wonder how it will import from other excel files that have 
completely different format. but for now let's focus on the import from previous workbook. 

organize the files properly. move the 
scripts into a scripts folder. 

continue refactor C:\Users\HIHMH\Desktop\projects\bedutilization\phase2_vba.py withou breaking features and functionality, make sure that current functionaliest does
not break. make a complete plan let's stick to it.

I am not sure if the import workbook button imports all the entered deaths 
and ages entried data. kindly verify if it does. if not make sure it does. also the visual feed let's update it so that 
it shows the entries for a specific entry date and not the last one entered. let's plan this carefully first

awesome, now for backward compatibility with facilities that do not have have an initial version of the workbook and therefore cannot import from the 
workbook. i have in mind a plan that is they copy what they already in excel sheed as just the data. that is if it is the ward state. so do you understand what i mean?

Currently the admission entry does not add the patient name, and the patient number. it skips them during saving. the 
age entry form is a quicker version of the admission entry, so the name of the patient is ignored if the user chooses to enter the age.
not replaced with age entry text. so help fix those errors.

I need some few validations for the age entry form. 
1. let the filter by date, by default filter by the date the user selects. that is you set the state to automatically update to the date the user selects.
or enters. show the total admissions for the selected date and we will add validate button that will validate compare each entry with every day admission from the sheet for each day
and outline places of inconsistencies for the user to verify.
